OSDOCS#10478: Add disaster recovery using the OADP Operator (#76206)
openshift/openshift-docs: hosted_control_planes/hcp_high_availability/about-hcp-ha.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="about-hcp-ha"]
= About high availability for hosted control planes
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: about-hcp-ha

toc::[]

> You can maintain high availability of hosted control planes by implementing the following actions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can maintain high availability (HA) for hosted control planes by implementing the following actions:
```
Not because it's used again, but because I wonder if the "HA" might be more scannable for folks if they're looking for it. I see it like that here: https://docs.openshift.com/serverless/1.33/eventing/tuning/serverless-ha.html
